Connect definitely boosts your grades just because you do become a better learner.
You are studying more effectively and efficiently and you're more prepared for class.
You're able to ask more meaningful questions.
You'll get better answers, know how to study in the future.
So I think it's just made me a better student overall.
In the Smart Book, the highlighting and annotation tool has helped a lot in helping my grade
improve as well as the practice quizzes and the connect homework.
It really just keeps me on track with what I need to learn and how I need to learn it.
And that leads to better test scores and a better overall grade in many of my courses.
As someone who likes having a little bit of help here and there, it creates kind of like a
schedule for me, a mini schedule within my schedule that shows me what I need to do, what I need
to complete. And then I can either complete it or go the extra mile and
see what other things I can find and do as opposed to just doing what I needed to do.
And everything that I was looking for from, you know, assistance with outside tutoring companies,
I was able to get right from Connect.
I literally boosted my grade from a letter grade and a half.
Connect has helped me achieve my goals by helping me study, which helps me get better grades,
and therefore graduate college, hopefully.
You know,